The Doubletree Chocolate Chip Cookie Recipe is a hot little commodity, sought after by all who have ever stayed at one of their many establishments. As soon as you check in you are handed two warm, rich, golden chocolate chip cookies that were baked that very day on the premises.

Weighing in at 2 ½ oz each, they are heavy with decadent chocolate chips and walnuts. The Doubletree Inn began this hospitable tradition in the 90's and since has received so many requests for the cookies you can now order them online. You can also buy them by the half dozen if you are lucky enough to have a Doubletree Inn near you. However, you can take a crack at this recipe, as many swear this is the very one that tantalizes and torments chocolate chip cookie lovers everywhere. Although I can not confirm that this recipe is "the one", those who have made it declare, "Close enough!"

Remember! Don't forget to read cookie baking tips for optimal results on this cookie and all others from this site.

Doubletree Chocolate Chip Cookie Recipe

INGREDIENTS:

WARNING!
Learn what your favorite bakery
does not want you to know.
chocolate chip cookie tutorial
How to Bake Perfect
Chocolate Chip Cookies:
Insider Secrets


1 cup butter, softened
3/4 cup brown sugar, packed
3/4 cup granulated sugar
2 eggs
1-1/2 tsp. vanilla
1/2 tsp. lemon juice
1/2 cup rolled oats
2-1/4 cups all-purpose flour
1-1/2 tsp. baking soda
1 tsp. salt
1/4 tsp. cinnamon
3 cups semi-sweet, chocolate chips
1-1/2 cups chopped walnuts
DIRECTIONS:

1.)Grind oats in a food processor or blender until fine. Combine the ground oats with the flour, baking soda, salt and cinnamon in a medium bowl.

2.)Cream together the butter, sugars, vanilla, and lemon juice in another medium bowl with an electric mixer. Add the eggs and mix until smooth. Stir the dry mixture into the wet mixture and mix until just blended. Add the chocolate chips and nuts to the dough and mix by hand until ingredients are well blended.

NOTE: For the best results, chill the dough overnight in the refrigerator before baking the cookies.

3.)Spoon rounded 1/4 cup portions onto an ungreased or parchment lined cookie sheet. Place the scoops about 2 inches apart. (You will probably only fit 4-6 cookies per sheet at this size) Bake in a 350°F oven for 16-18 minutes or until cookies are light brown around the edges and soft in the middle. Store in a sealed container when cool to keep soft.

